Add account abstraction guide (#40)
rsksmart/devportal: docs/04-resources/04-tutorials/etherspot's-account-abstraction.md

---

> sidebar_lable: Account Abstraction with Etherspot in a Wagmi Starter Kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Account Abstraction with Etherspot Prime SDK
```

sidebar_position: 4
title: Account Abstraction with Etherspot in a Wagmi Starter Kit

> description: 'This guide will show you how to leverage Etherspots Account Abstraction features within a Wagmi starter kit by following these steps, you will empower your users to interact with your dApp without managing private keys directly.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this guide, you will learn how to use the Etherspot Prime SDK to deploy an Account Abstraction dApp on the Rootstock network. By following these steps, you will empower your users to interact with your dApp without managing private keys directly.'
```

> tags: [rsk, rootstock, tutorials, resources, wagmi, starter kit, etherspot, react, dApp, abstraction]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [rsk, rootstock, tutorials, resources, wagmi, starter kit, etherspot, dApp, account abstraction]
```

---

> This guide will show you how to leverage Etherspot's Account Abstraction features within a Wagmi starter kit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will learn how to use the Etherspot Prime SDK to deploy an Account Abstraction dApp on the Rootstock network. 
```

With account abstraction, a single account can hold both code and Ether, enabling it to execute transactions and smart contract functions. This eliminates the need for a separate EOA to manage transactions, allowing contracts to handle funds directly.

Etherspot Prime, an open-source SDK, simplifies the implementation of Account Abstraction for dApp developers. Using an Etherspot smart wallet, users can enjoy a seamless web2-like experience through social logins or transaction batching.

## Getting Started
To explore Account Abstraction with Etherspot, follow these steps:

### Using a Different Branch:

1. Clone the Wagmi starter kit repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/wagmi-dev/wagmi-starter-kit.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```
    cd wagmi-starter-kit
    ```
3. Instead of using the main branch, switch to the branch containing the Account Abstraction functionalities:

    ```
    git checkout aa-sdk  
    ```
4. Run the project:
Now that you’ve cloned the repository and installed dependencies, it’s time to run the project. Execute the following command:

    ```
    yarn dev
    ```

> This will start your Rootstock Wagmi Starter Kit locally, allowing you to develop and test your smart contracts. You can access the Vite server at `http://localhost:5173.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start your Rootstock Wagmi dApp locally, allowing you to develop and test your smart contracts. You can access the Vite server at `http://localhost:5173.`
```

   
   - This function fetches the balance of the current Etherspot wallet.

   - **Function:**
     This Asynchronously uses the SDK to retrieve the native balance of the account and updates the balance state variable.

3. **generateEtherspotWallet**

   - This function generates a counterfactual address for the Etherspot wallet.

   - **Function:**
     This Asynchronously interacts with the SDK to generate an Etherspot wallet address and fetches its balance.

4. **estimateAndTransfer**

    - This function estimates the transaction cost and sends a specified value to a recipient using the Arka Paymaster.

    - **Function:**

    This Validates recipient address and value inputs.
    Uses the SDK to set up the transaction, estimate the gas cost, send the transaction, and waits for the transaction receipt.

5. **useEffect Hook**
      
      - This hook initializes the Prime SDK when the EOA private key is set.

   **Parameters:**

   **eoaPrivateKey:** The private key of the externally owned account (EOA).

   - **Function:**

   **useEffect:**
   Sets up the Prime SDK instance with the eoaPrivateKey.
   Configures the SDK with the specified bundler provider.

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer: Add resources and references to Etherspot Prime SDK or docs
